how are you my lads and how are you my
lordship how are you there it's good delighted
to be here one more day with you it
seems that I'm getting the hang of the
channel well actually not much it's
costing me my life let's see after having spent
three weeks playing at my
left nut today the lady doesn't like this let me
tell you but the thing is that with
the lads I can have whatever language I
want but with your lordship not only your
lordship you have to be more
formal so that she comes to me grab me by the
cheeks oh what a handsome guy comes comb his hair
today and that kind of thing no really
this video that you're going to see today is a
second part to the video that I uploaded yesterday and
honestly yesterday's video apart from
being a video that I love how it
turned out and in which we are totally
sincere in fact I think that it's not that we
are totally sincere but that we have
also created ourselves short but
despite that I expected more elite
from some ladies who
hate me quite a bit I don't know why
all the ladies on the planet don't like me if
I love them all the gold leaf lady
ladies don't you  Don't get mad at me I'm a
naughty boy I'll tell you what I think
sometimes children with blond hair come to you I'm being
honest the truth is I expected
things to get worse and yes there are
some comments that tell me javi
is jealous lady jealous doesn't mean like
jealous means for example my
partner went off with someone else and they'll
tell me jealousy goes slow in case it could be
envy not envy if there really are
people who believe that I'm to blame
for everything amador has done in the
previous video I was exposing you and
we made a little suit amador mohedano
because it seems that there are many
people who are idolizing him because of the
fact that yo carrasco is
criticizing them and like diana rocio carrasco
well they have to love amador mohedano
amador amador I don't know their mentality it's
quite simple there are no people who don't get it
into their head that you may not
believe rocio carrasco for example
about antonio aplicable but you can believe
rocio carrasco in everything she says
about her uncle because  really she was born the
only one who has told it if not
everyone has told it chipiona is amador next to
your friend la carrasco is a saint I
like to hear it with huang and if
envy were ringworm several fernanda I
respect your opinion darling we love you
very much what happens is that there are people
in chipiona who even say that rocio
carrasco looted cut or that such mind
is waiting for a response from amador
who surely is not going to come because there are
even videos I cannot
confirm this because I but they tell me that there are
even videos of those parties or
supposed parties of amador it turns out
that according to maria fernanda I am to
blame because I am jealous that amador
mohedano got him to get
a conviction or I don't know how many for his sister
rocio jurado for leaving a
concert in the city of palma de
mallorca not a concert that rocio
jurado had no idea about but her
brother amador had apparently been in
charge of collecting the advance advance
that his sister had to return by the
way there are many people who wonder
where did Amador Mohedano put the money he
pretended he has
not only represented Rocío Juradó who
alone with Rocío Juradó would have to
be a multimillionaire because he has earned
20 percent of what she has earned
but he has also represented other
good artists represented he takes
the money from those artists to take 20
percent of those artists artists
okay some of them even owes them money
for example speak sincerely not even
his ex-wife knows where the money has gone
okay what is true is that if we
start to add up and we start to
accumulate all the thousands and thousands and thousands
of euros that Amador has made disappear
or for example the thousands of euros that
Amador has stopped paying to the treasury what a shame no what a shame of money he could have easily bought the house in La Moraleja all by himself but as I said in this video we are not here to talk about that in this video we are going to
talk about a point that I left out in the
previous video in this video what
we are going to deal with is
Amador's separation from his family because if Amador
betrayed his  woman betrayed her daughter
and not only with economic issues but
also with moral issues and
verbal issues he has had horrible words not
only for his ex-wife but he has
also had horrible words
for his daughter amador does not give a
[ __ ] about the pain of his family amador has
been walking around and rubbing shoulders and
laughing with the television programs
and with the collaborators who have been
making fun of and harassing his daughter
for many years getting to the point of
showing up at the gigs that his daughter was giving
and trying to ridicule her also amador
has been walking around lately on
certain youtube channels where they have
messed with his daughter and his ex-wife
in a quite regrettable way and with a
complete lack of respect in addition to everything
and one thing that we will see in this is that
amador mohedano has told his lovers
that his daughter rosario mohedano sings like
a cricket my goodness they say that fathers
and grandfathers don't and that grandmothers
are the ones who see everything beautiful in their
children and their grandchildren imagine if
you put a chick in  your house and you start
talking badly to her not only are you a woman
but you start talking about your daughter and
saying that she sings like a cricket and
after all this you have your daughter
for Rosa well I'm not very clear about it but
Rosario Mohedano seems like an excellent
person defending you and standing up
for you and talking well about you behind your
back things that you don't do with her she does
n't respect them but anyway this is a
second part of the video that I made yesterday I
recommend to all of you if you haven't seen
yesterday's video to watch it and then
continue watching this one so nothing if you
like let's start I warn you that
the clicks I'm going to put next are
going to make you feel very embarrassed it
is said that the way in which
Rosa Benito entered the Jury Mohedano family
was not a form of peace without sense but
suddenly Amador had to notify his
sister that Rosa de Benito was
pregnant and they had to kick
Amador Mohedano's previous girlfriend out to get Rosa into the house
benito those are the things that
count they are worth it, I mean a hundred percent if it
is like that or there is some nuance the
question is that the last years of their
relationship were not
exactly idyllic the relationship began to
weaken when rosa benito
took off her blindfold and discovered
that her husband or who had been her
husband had been cheating on her for years and years and years
with economic issues such as
not having paid any of
the taxes that he should have
paid since 2008 which
would have dragged her into economic ruin
and a huge problem not only amador
mohedano but also her and
therefore also her daughter as well throughout
all those years and more because
long before all their lives there have always
been rumors some
true and some hoaxes of course
that amador mohedano could have been
unfaithful to rosa benito on many occasions
who would have thought it x
I would have imagined it when I see this man
posing here for an exclusive with q
batista and the cigarette on the couch and with
this piece of alpha male pose here I
see  a completely responsible family man makes you
want to call him a
builder look I see so much
willingness in these photos in case there's
someone who has lived in Narnia and doesn't
know who Rosa Benito is Rosa Benito
apart from being the wife of Amador
Mohedano brother of Rocío Juradó which I
know that in the previous video I made a mistake
at the beginning and said it was the son
please I made a mistake when I spoke and I keep
talking and my tongue is stumbling so as
not to talk yet with my age
Rosa Benito throughout her life she
has been the stylist hairdresser the one who
did her hair and was next to Rocío
Juradó and also good friends apart from sister in
law the biggest crisis in their relationship
came after she participated in
Survivor Survivor a reality show
and here in my country surely in all of
your countries there is something
similar it is a reality show in which they
take the contestants to an island in
Honduras and they have to spend three months
super living there is no more no based on
fishing with their hands with coconut towards the
fire with stones  well what a
survivor does what I wouldn't do because I
really don't know or have they changed the plug I mean I have to
live my own
survivor life here in my house well here
when a light bulb burns out it's an
odyssey and I don't even understand what kind of
socket I have to buy when rosa
benito was on that reality show she had a
nice friendship I do think there was a
bit of flirting although it
only remained a friendship with a certain josé
manuel montalvo the union and the
audience's file on these two
participants montalvo and rosa benito
made sparks fly and infuriated
amador mohedano quite a bit to the point that he wouldn't
even allow
any jokes to be made about this
subject that mountain has rafa in its
Spanish blood it's as big and as rocky
as the entire himalaya it's you rosa
benito arm yourself with courage and strength how do you
do it to keep growing and that he
can never warn you or walk over you
your friend his people and all of spain
is with you I love you everything that he has
told me has seen
amador mohedano was freaking out
during this entire edition edition  who
by the way won his
wife at the time did not acquire the role of
empowered that in addition she was not
having a very good time at home and amador
mohedano the truth is that he was seen with
a little desperation and he even
showed up in Honduras with a ring
paying a surprise visit to his
wife but that did not fix the situation
at all despite the fact that they made this
charade the relationship seemed quite
damaged and quite distant
causing a rather uncomfortable and
embarrassing moment in the middle of the final gala of
survivors 'notice to navigators' the
click that I am going to put below is
very embarrassing it is very
embarrassing to fall in love with montalvo
sense I want to mount him feel
attraction for that is different but
forgive me I also cried when
tatiana left and I am not in love
but it carries ahead
[Applause]
but secret but if it is that it is a bad ag I
tried to romita up to half of
manhattan
but not anymore
and this is my moment today I want to live it
well the man is very
lamentable it has really given me a lot of
embarrassment that this will happen on
television imagine no  not only the
presenter and her but all the
collaborators and all the participants
when they find this ballot
this ballot after your wife
comes from three months of starvation
and fighting like a champion and on top of that is
winning the prize it is completely
the moment or one of the most
important and most epic moments of her life and
this is there doing a little
crybaby number because for the first time the one who
is being made a cuckold in front of all of
Spain is you no maybe and this
made him reconsider and make him feel
empathy for what they can feel if these
hearts when they are played with no what
happens is that no this man does
not know empathy and he continued for
many years making his wife and
his family go through an incredible ridicule a few
hours after this
embarrassing spectacle that you just
saw they were recorded on the street
meeting with the family for the first
time and after having been on a
reality show and amador mohedano wanted to
interpret it as if everything was fine
as if he had already solved the
quarrel and that everything was correct but if you
look at these images that I'm going to  to
put you see Rosa Benito doing what
I call hosting Austin the famous
ghosting ghosting for the ladies who do
n't know hosting is when they make you
as if you were a ghost that doesn't
exist basically after her
family found out that they were
sunk and hit by a huge debt
almost millionaires if we talk about
pesetas Rosa Benito and her daughter Chayo
Mohedano decided to start working
more intensely also walking around the
television sets Rosa Benito one
of the first decisions she made was
that Amador the most sensible that Amador will not
represent her anymore imagine if
for so many years he has been doing
the pilula to his sister and even so he has
lost a lot of money that does not appear and if he has been
capable of deceiving his daughter his
wife and everyone how are you going to continue
with that man by the side and representing
you I mean the money the prize money
according to what she says in them the
prize money of the survivor I do not even read it
because buying a horse or if I am
since 2008  He hasn't paid me
the tax office,
effectively, now I'm doing what he did with Widget
because I'm the one studying and that's what
caused me to break up my marriage. When I
find out about the huge debt he's
put me in again, I don't know what you
suspect, I'm just spending, I don't know because
he's not a player, well, he'll get into trouble and
start campaigning here.
I really think that Rosa Benito does
know where the money has gone, or at
least she can sense it, or you can
suspect. There aren't many people who hinted at things, who
talk things, and there are
people who have insinuated things. No, when he
helped us, poor thing, he says the right thing. My
father became outdated.
Your father has been such a disaster financially. He has
managed the family economy very poorly,
as we have seen. If I
really hid carnal information, there are
many people who have come. I promise. I have
met many people who have
told me that Amador Mohedano was a great
worker and that he did a great job
alongside Rocío Grado, and I admire his age. It's
beyond me after everything we
saw in the video yesterday, the
mess he got into.  to the
restored himself and his own wife, his own
daughter,
those represented by him have come out
saying that it was a disaster, I don't
understand those bad people, good work, it's
not normal, your daughter, Chayo, may be
right and that her father is a
financial disaster, the gentleman has been
billing hundreds of thousands,
maybe millions, for decades and it's the same decades
that he's been in debt, everything points to the fact that he
's at least quite clumsy with money,
what do I know? I think that
the man doesn't realize what he does with that
money, but his sister and all their
families meanwhile have been
suffering all the consequences of
all his financial problems,
however, Amador Mohedano's problems
with his wife and with his daughter were not
only economic, it should also be
noted that said by her, it's not that I
say it, I'm worth it, I'm not envious that she has
even gone so far as to hurt him with her
own words, she said, she has
done the impossible, your mother of
our recent times in these
last months, if she has told you, Amador,
that you have behaved on the island like a
true word,
but she told me that it gives the image of a
golfer and she returned to him in the air, they have
made him a cuckold  like that message to my
mother and I didn't answer her anymore the second
message is a little bit drier and she doesn't
answer that message the third message
is already and teeth the one of staining everything a lot
psychologically or a lot a lot but
wait I would like to remember a
clip that I put in the previous video of
a reason
or anyone in the family the ones and
the women
[Music]
in fact Rosa Benito has
also said on some occasions that Amador
Mohedano has come to withdraw 190,000
turkeys from his account without asking permission and
then he denies it like the one who takes ten
euros out of the bank you know you don't
also take the 190 thousand euros out of the bank I did
n't find out until the other day
right
man I can't prove it because only
another day I had to go sign and as I was
saying at the beginning of the video Amador
Mohedano when he met with some of
these women according to what they have been saying in the
program he also dedicated himself to humiliating and
belittling his daughter Rosario
Mohedano let's see I as a father did not hold him
in very high esteem I as a father this
person who is dedicated to  walking around on
television programs and on
YouTube programs where they have previously
interfered and done the worst to their daughter
we are talking about
huge confrontations that the reporters of
Sálvame have had for example Kiko Hernandez
humiliating her the biggest thing boycotting
the girl's gigs and
all that stuff and as a father it doesn't
fit in my head that this man would
occasionally be collaborating there
no in fact recently you saw a
completely regrettable and ridiculous farce that they pulled
on a program called
Déjate querer about this over here
my editor will be putting a frame for you no but you
've all seen it it was very recently it is
supposed that they had reconciled that there had been
a rapprochement they
kissed no I don't know that this farce lasted
two days okay because two or three
days later Amador Mohedano
and he saw and gave another interview on
Sálvame they didn't stop him at the door of
his house and he attended to them look how
things are well it's no surprise
that Amador Mohedano when he remains  with
women he starts saying that his daughter
Chayo sings like a cricket is it true that
Amador told you that his daughter Chayo doesn't
know how to sing
this could be one of the
questions that Rosa Diez has the longest history with
[Music]
and she said love that she can't stand her son-in-law
Andrés, Chayo's husband, her barrel she
said yes that if we go with the other side I
won't be the one to start defending whether
Chayo sings well or sings badly I understand
that she sings well let's see what the jury sprayed me
but that she doesn't do badly the girl who
knows how to sing but imagine how false you have to
be to have
supposedly represented your daughter taking 20%
of what your daughter earns while you
yourself think she sings like a cricket and you
're out there selling her not to
get her a concert to record that she
calls love very valid has been unfaithful to
Rosa Benito
and the polygraph
the term muscle inside is very clear
because it tells us- at 222 bis globules
Manoli neck Marta Amaya María del
Carmen and several other names passed through
Sálvame and other programs claiming to have
been Amador Mohedano's lover,
some sounded more credible than others
but the truth is that in the last
years of the representative's marriage there
were quite a few rumors of
infidelity. The one who was not a lover but did
create a huge scandal in
Chipiona and quite shameful for my
taste was the four day relationship that
Amador Mohedano had with Kelly Moore, a
dancer that Sálvame managed to
get her to have a face to face
with Rosa Benito herself on her set
imagine how little affection you must
have for your wife too because no matter
how badly you end up with a person with
a partner, I don't know, I can't
believe that you could end up so badly with someone
after so many years, after so many
experiences, having children together, to the
point that you put them in these messes, who
knows, I can't conceive it, my head can't
achieve it because they have said,
suck it up, left behind like a rat, those
are the words of the people, this is well
me now to
dance
for this close the door to
reconciliation the most docile
has pictures of my house has pruned
everything everything keep the promise
sit here the lemon strolled through
all the possible programs they
believed it was an opportunity to tell
all the intimacies that he had
done with amador rubbing it in
Rosa Benito's face even photographs as you
have heard of his house like a guy
not like you have said in another leftover click
one came like a guy like a guy like a guy like
a guy don't stop
to think that your children turn on the TV
and see the shame and what you are
putting their mothers through that you
can separate not from whoever you want in the
end life is like this we do not live in the
time in which you without being in
love you die already with the person you
are married to and they do not want them no
but man a little respect at
least a good family up to here I am going to
leave a little suit amador mohedano if he
wants more let him come for more really it
seems to me that he is a quite
curious element to me he seems like a bird of life to me he
seems like a peculiar character to me he seems
like an eagle and  I find it
incredible that there are such
fanatic sectarian people, I don't know what to call them,
the truth is that just because
we are against Rocío Carrasco on
some things and be very careful, I will not
budge one iota or one point, all my
opinions and all the criticisms and all
the dismantling that I have done about Rocío
Carrasco but that is not going to massage me or
position me on the side of a character
like this that we are seeing here in
these videos, not a chance so marzipan what
are you here in the chat
telling me you wanted to be with him, get
out, let him go with the other one that you are
from hunger and the desire to eat family
here the video I hope you
liked it don't forget to like
subscribe and tell me what your
opinion is with mando a huge kiss and until
tomorrow because tomorrow there is a video of
madre mía also madre mía also a
hug people
[Music]